Edits for clarity and formatting (#37313)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset.md

### Scaling a ReplicaSet

You can scale a ReplicaSet up or down by updating the `.spec.replicas` field. The ReplicaSet controller
ensures that a desired number of Pods with a matching label selector are available and operational.

When scaling down, the ReplicaSet controller chooses which pods to delete based on the following general algorithm:

1. Pending and unschedulable pods are scaled down first.
1. If `controller.kubernetes.io/pod-deletion-cost` annotation is set, then

>    the pod with the lower value is deleted first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the pod with the lower value is selected for deletion first.
```

> 1. Pods on nodes with more replicas are deleted before pods on nodes with fewer replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pods on nodes with more replicas are selected for deletion ahead of pods on nodes that hold
   fewer replicas.
```

> 1. If the pods' creation times differ, the pod that was created more recently
>    is deleted before the older pod. The creation times are bucketed on an integer log scale
>    when the `LogarithmicScaleDown` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The ReplicaSet controller prefers to delete the Pods that have been running for
   the **least** amount of time. When the `LogarithmicScaleDown`
   [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is
   enabled in your cluster, the ReplicaSet controller does not use the exact age of
   the Pod. Instead, the controller calculates a score for how old the Pods in the
   ReplicaSet are, using a logarithmic bucketing algorithm. The ReplicaSet controller
   then looks for the lowest score from that algorithm, and selects at random one Pod
   with that score.
```

Reviewer: You're welcome to make equivalent changes locally or via the web editor.

Reviewer: If you'd like more help, join Slack - see https://slack.k8s.io/ - and say Hi in the #sig-docs channel.
